ADMIN DASHBOARD: Test cases, validations and styling descriptions

1. FIELD: Dark mode toggle
   Purpose: Allows the user to switch between Light mode and Dark mode.
    while clicking on the dark mode on the webpage it turns into dark mode (because for 
    ="switch" is linked to the input)
     here CSS language is used to change the page colors.

   VALID INPUTS:
       checked(checkbox is selected)
       unchecked(checkbox isn't selected) 

INVALID INPUTS:
   A non-Boolean state( text or any number-1,8,7 cannot be come ), it only accepts checked /unchecked.

2. FIELD: Header
    Requirement: Display title and also add the colors of our choice (light/dark).
   
VALID INPUTS:
   Its background, text color and spans across two grids in the layout(from CSS variables)
 
INVALID INPUTS: None.

3. FIELD: Navigation bar
    Requirement: Provides easy navigation links to the dashboard section home, user, settings

VALID INPUTS:
    Link should be visible , clickable
    Should change the background color(light-dark mode)
    When adding the navigation links then use (<a href="home">Home</a>) this is an example
    
INVALID INPUTS:
   Please avoid the broken links.

4. FIELD: Main content area
    Requirement: Display the main dashboard content, I have used "Welcome Priyal"
      and "This is the main content area. Add charts, tables, or reports here."

VALID INPUTS:
 Text is visible and readable in both light and dark mode as well

INVALID INPUTS: None.

5. FIELD: Footer section
    Requirement: here display the footer text by using copyright symbol

VALID INPUTS:
    Color change according to the theme .
    Always spans across two grid columns.
 
INVALID INPUTS: 
   None , as it is used static content.
 

6. FORM SUBMISSION:
   This dashboard is static and has no forms submissions.
   All the interactions are limited with theme switching and navigation bar.

CSS Styling Breakdown: A Structured Overview

1. Global Theme Variables (:root)
  Purpose: It defines the reusability of colors for header, nav, footer, and main and text 
  colors.
 Property and effects:--bg-color-header: rgb(5, 130, 51);green color for header background.
 --bg-color-nav: rgb(220, 223, 222);light grey  for navigation background.
  --bg-color-footer: rgb(5, 130, 51); same green as header for footer background.
  --text-color-header: rgb(47, 147, 52); green text for header.
  --text-color-footer: white;  white text for footer.
          
2.Dark Mode Theme Variables
Purpose:
switching color scheme to dark mode when the checkbox is checked.

Properties and effects: --bg-color-header: #222; Dark gray header background.
  --bg-color-nav: #333;  Darker gray navigation background
  --bg-color-footer: #222; Dark gray footer background.
  --text-color-header: #fff;  White header text.
  --text-color-footer: #ccc; Light gray footer text.

3. Header
Purpose: display the text and their colors.
Properties and effects:
 background-color: var(--bg-color-header); Matches theme.
  color: var(--text-color-header); Matches theme.
  border: 1px solid black; Visible border 
  grid-column: 1 / span 2; spans both columns in grid layout.


4. Navigation
Purpose: Provides the navigation section for quick access to webpage.
Properties and effects:
background-color: var(--bg-color-nav); ight or dark depending on mode.
  border: 1px solid black; adds definition.

5. Main Content
Purpose: here display the main content of the webpage (dashboard)
Properties and effects:
border: 1px solid black; clearly separates content area.

6.Footer
Purpose: Display footer section .
Properties and effects:
  background-color: var(--bg-color-footer);Matches header theme.
  color: var(--text-color-footer); Matches text theme.
  border: 1px solid black; Adds separations.
  grid-column: 1 / span 2; Spans both columns.


7. Dashboard Grid Layout
Purpose: here organize header, navigation, main content, footer into the grid layout.
Properties and effects:
 display: grid; enables CSS grid layout.
  grid-template-columns: auto auto ; two equal width columns.
  grid-template-rows: 150px auto 60px; fixed height for header and footer
  height: 100vh; full screen height.

LEARNING OUTCOMES:
1 Learn how to switch from light mode to dark mode.
2 Learned how to apply semantic tags(header,footer, main, nav) for better structure.
3 Learned how to use Grid layout for this experiment.
4 Learned how to use CSS variables to manage theme effeciently.